Update readme & added new issue template (#31)
AgPipeline/computing-pipeline: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation_request.md

---
name: Documentation
about: Ticket for when documentation needs to be changed, updated, or added
title: Title of the documentation task
labels: documentation
assignees: ''

---

**Documentation Request Type**

> <!-- if there's more than one request type, please consider adding multiple tickets -->

Reviewer: I'm just going to comment on this for now until I know that I can suggest a commit without breaking everything. Suggestion: `For multiple requests, please submit one ticket per issue.`

Author: done

Please choose one of the following:
- [ ] New documentation
- [ ] Documentation needs enhancement or clarification
- [ ] Documentation is broken, inaccurate, or out of date

**What needs to be done**

> Please let us know what the question, problem, or need is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please let us know your question, problem, or need. 
What do you want to do, and what have you tried so far? 
What specific parts of the documentation need to be clarified or extended?
```

**Result**

> What's the result of doing this documentation task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What should this documentation task accomplish?
What should the user be able to do or understand after reading this documentation?
```

Author: Accepted changes
